<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta name="generator" content="http://calibre-ebook.com"/>
    <title>unnamed</title>
    <meta name="author" content="Админ"/>
    <meta name="creation-time" content="2018-8-26"/>
    <meta name="revision-time" content="2018-9-4"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<div class="s3"><p class="calibre2"> </p></div><div class="s"><p class="calibre2">CHAPTER TEN</p></div><div class="s1"><p class="calibre2">The End of the Trial</p></div><div class="s2"><p class="calibre2">'Here!' cried Alice and stood up quickly. But she was tall now, and chairs, tables and people fell here, there and everywhere.</p><p class="calibre2">'Put everything and everybody back!' said the King loudly. Alice put them all back in their places. Then the King asked, 'What do you know about these tarts?'</p><p class="calibre2">'Nothing,' answered Alice.</p><p class="calibre2">'That's very important,' said the King.</p><p class="calibre2">'You mean, unimportant, Sir,' said the White Rabbit. 'Unimportant - of course,' said the King. 'Important - unimportant - important - unimportant,' he repeated.</p><p class="calibre2">He looked at Alice carefully. He took a book and read from it. 'Alice is more than a kilometer high. So she has to leave the room!' he said.</p><p class="calibre2">'I'm not more than a kilometer high - Alice began.</p><p class="calibre2">'You are,' said the King.</p><p class="calibre2">'More than two kilometers high,' said the Queen.</p><p class="calibre2">'Well, I'm not leaving this room,' said Alice.</p><p class="calibre2">The King's face went white.</p><p class="calibre2">'Cut off her head!' shouted the Queen. Nobody moved.</p><p class="calibre2">'You stupid woman,' said Alice. She was very large now and she wasn't afraid of anybody.</p><p class="calibre2">'Cut off her head!' shouted the Queen.</p><p class="calibre2">'Don't be stupid!' Alice said. 'Who's afraid of you? I'm not. You're only cards!'</p></div><div class="s2"><p class="calibre2">The cards - all fifty-two of them - came down on top of Alice. She felt afraid and angry and started to fight them. Then she opened her eyes...</p></div><div class="s2"><p class="calibre2">She saw a tree, a big old tree. She was under it, next to her sister. Her sister's hand was on her hair.</p><p class="calibre2">'Wake up, Alice dear,' her sister said. 'You slept for a long time!'</p><p class="calibre2">'Oh!' said Alice, and then she understood. She sat up and told her sister about the White Rabbit and the rabbit-hole. When she finished her story, her sister laughed.</p><p class="calibre2">'Let's go home to tea,' she said. 'It's getting late.'</p><p class="calibre2">'Oh yes! I'd like some tea!' cried Alice. And she got up and ran home.</p></div><div class="s2"><p class="calibre2"> </p><p class="calibre2"> </p></div><div class="s"><p class="calibre2">- THE END -</p><p class="calibre2">Hope you have enjoyed the reading!</p><p class="calibre2">Come back to http://english-e-books.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!</p></div><div class="s"><p class="calibre2"> </p></div></div></body></html>
